gross the movie route has a lot
novelties that they have to all
fans of blond ninja on the edge of
seat see naruto sasuke sarada brute
and many other characters that
we know and want to kill us with emotion
Well, the story really focuses on
these characters but without a doubt
the villains will also make a
spectacular environment placing
situations of danger and even death
of our favorite characters is not
No news that kim city and momo
chiki will be the characters to beat in
this new stage of the movie and here
I have the complete designs of these
new characters get comfortable pulls
now and enjoy the following video
Yes, it has been relatively few hours
the complete designs of
momo chiki and the king and who will be
the new villains to beat
the first is 15 which is the big subject
corpulent that seems to have a few hands
giants have bags under the
eyes and of course is the carrier of
they travel on the forehead carries a kind of
band or protuberance similar to a
horn just like I had him kill a
girl and the own motorcycle suzuki has
very square features and pretty
rough a padlocked beard and seems to be
simply a mass of demolition
however for my music its design is
totally the opposite is small
slender very delicate all the
factions have been careful in detail and of
certain way has a similar enough
pretty with ney and hugh to there's no need to
confused this character is not female
but on the contrary is a male
He wears a kind of ceremonial dress
Japanese a veil is of course carrier
of the old gun and the eyebrows takes them as
symbol of nobility such as
they had
he gulped suzuki and indra otsuki and also
it has certain protuberances that come out
of his head similar to rabbit ears
marking a relationship widely
close with the kaguya ninja goddess
otsuki masashi kishimoto always know
how to be interesting characters and
these two are not the exception let's hope
to see what its development inside
of the movie because the truth is that
as much kimchi kings as a musician
they promise a lot
for now those have all been
news of having more news I you
they are informing one more speed
quick that the xerez without de minato
share the video